{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Arial;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f4\froman Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green176\blue80;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green132\blue209;\red0\green77\blue187;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.16299}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\kerning1\f0\fs32\lang2057 Dwemer Certified, v1.\f1 3: SSE\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 By TheTalkieToaster\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 Thanks to stealthn\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20\par
\b Description\b0\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 Don't just let those broken Dwemer Constructs and spare Dwemer Ingots go to waste- use them to build an army of steam-powered robots, upgrade and enchant their equipment, then lead them into battle from the driver's seat of a Dwemer Centurion.\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20\par
\b Installation\b0\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 If you're not using Steam, copy the esp and bsa files into Skyrim\\Data. If using a mod manager, check in the launcher.\f2\fs24\par
\b\f0\fs20\par
\b0 You should be able to get started right then and there- as long as you're not totally clueless and look at the perks menu and wander over to your nearest forge it should hopefully be obvious. If you want comprehensive instructions on what's in the mod and how you do everything, read the Contents section.\f2\fs24\par
\b\f0\fs20\par
Full Contents\b0\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20 With Dwemer Certified, you can forge or repair Dwemer Constructs from piles of junk to obedient warriors, and all you need to do so is a Dynamo Core, Weapons and Plating for your Construct. You can get these things via a bunch of perks:\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl100\slmult0\kerning0\f3\fs24\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Dwemer Enchanting\tab\tab\tab\b0\i Requires Enchanter\i0\line Allows you to scavenge Dynamo Cores from destroyed Constructs, or forge your own Spider Dynamo Cores and Dwemer Spell Tomes.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Advanced Dwemer Enchanting\tab\b0\i Requires Dwemer Enchanting\i0\line Allows you to forge your own Sphere and Legionary Dynamo Cores, and more powerful Spell Tomes.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Tonal Architect\tab\tab\tab\tab\b0\i Requires Advanced Dwemer Enchanting\i0\line Allows you to forge your own Simulacra and Centurion Dynamo Cores, as well as forging special upgrade cores for all Constructs and yet more powerful Spell Tomes.\line\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Construct Smithing\b0\i  \tab\tab\tab Requires Dwemer Smithing\i0  \line Allows you to scavenge parts from destroyed Constructs, or forge your own Spider and Sphere parts and Constructs, as well as repairing destroyed Constructs.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Advanced Construct Smithing \tab\b0\i\fs18 Requires Construct Smithing\i0\fs20\line Allows you to forge your own \f1 Ballista, \f0 Legionary and Simulacra parts, as well as forging special upgrade parts for all Constructs.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Numidium Scholar\b0\tab\tab\tab\i Requires Advanced Construct Smithing\i0\line Allows you to forge your own Centurion parts.\f2\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20\par
Then either activate a downed Dwemer Construct (whilst not sneaking), or build a fresh one at a forge. Once you've got an active Construct, you can remove its armour plating and weapons to enchant or smith at your leisure, or install any advanced components. However in order to get them to follow you, you'll need to invest a portion of your magicka in controlling them. Here's a list of the constructs, how much magicka they need and what upgrades they can have:\f2\fs24\par
\f0\fs20\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\kerning0\f3\fs24\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\f0\fs20 Tier 1 - \b Dwemer Spider\tab\tab\tab\b0\i Reduces maximum magicka by 30\i0\line Has a weak shock spell and melee attack. Shock spell can be upgraded.\line\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\f0\fs20 Tier 2 - \b Dwemer Sphere\tab\tab\b0\i Reduces maximum magicka by 60\i0\line Has a fairly weak blade and crossbow. Crossbow can be upgraded.\line\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\f0\fs20 Tier 3 -\b  Dwemer Legionary\tab\tab\b0\i Reduces maximum magicka by 90\i0\line A smaller version of the Centurion, with a good melee attack. Can be upgraded to gain steam breath.\par
\kerning0\f3\fs24 -\tab\kerning1\f0\fs20 Tier 3 -\b  Dwemer \f1 Ballista\f0\tab\tab\b0\i Reduces maximum magicka by 90\i0\line\cf1\f1 REQUIRES DRAGONBORN.\cf0  A ranged unit\f0 . Can be upgraded \f1 with explosive arrows.\f0\line\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\f0\fs20 Tier 4 - \b  Dwemer Simulacra\tab\tab\b0\i Reduces maximum magicka by 120\i0\line A steam-powered duplicate of a Dwemer Warrior, capable of wielding any weapons a normal character could. Can be upgraded to gain steam breath.\line\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\f0\fs20 Tier 5 - \b Dwemer Centurion\tab\tab\b0\i Reduces maximum magicka by 150\i0\line Has a powerful melee attack and steam breath. Breath can be upgraded, and can be piloted using a spell.\f2\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20\par
There's a bunch of extra upgrades you can also build, that can be applied to any Construct.\f2\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Components, Reinforced \b0\endash\b  \b0 Adds 30 armour.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Components, Enchantable \b0\endash\b  \b0 Provides an extra slot you can enchant.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Components, Internal Storage \b0\endash  Adds a storage capacity.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Dynamo Core, Superheated\b0  \endash  Increases damage by 20%.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Dynamo Core, Supercharged\b0  \endash  Increases speed by 30%.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Dynamo Core, Supercooled \b0\endash  Adds a frost cloak during combat.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Dynamo Core, Beating\b0  \endash  Adds health regen during combat.\f2\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20\par
You can order your constructs to:\f2\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Follow & Wait \b0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Wait at Location\b0  and they'll head to where you look.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Go Passive\b0  and only join combat after you get attacked.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Go Aggressive \b0 and attack any hostiles they see.\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Deploy\b0  in one place, basically dismissing them.\f2\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20 All these orders can be given via dialogue or the power \cf2\i Order Dwemer Constructs\i0  \cf3 you'll get given- when you use the \cf2\i Order \cf3\i0 power, all your Following and Waiting constructs will obey.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20\par
Finally, there's the spell tomes you can forge:\cf0\f2\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Recall Constructs \b0\endash  Teleports all Following and Waiting constructs to you.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Maintenance \b0\endash\b  \b0 Healing Hands, but works on Constructs only.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Mending\b0  \endash  Heal Other, as above.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Grand Mending \b0\endash  Grand Healing, as above.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Harden Minion\b0  \endash  Stoneskin, castable on Constructs.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Temper Minion\b0  \endash  Ebonyskin, castable on Constructs.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Overpressure \b0\endash  Buffs a Construct's attack and move speed by 25%, but causes it to explode if it falls below 25% health.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Mantle Chimarvamidium\b0  \endash  Lets you pilot a Centurion for a time. You can breathe stream, barge people aside by running at them, and smash them.\cf0\f2\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\i\f0\fs20 Right attack\i0  works normally\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\i\f0\fs20 Left attack \i0 power attacks\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\i\f0\fs20 Both buttons \i0 does a charging power attack\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\kerning0\f3\'b7\f4\tab\cf3\kerning1\i\f0\fs20 Jump\b  \b0\i0 does a 180 reverse\f1  \f0 attack\cf0\f2\fs24\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\cf3\f0\fs20\par
\par
\b FAQS\cf0\b0\f2\fs24\par
\cf1\i\f0\fs20 Help, I can't see anything in the smithing menu!\cf0\i0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 Remember, you need to \i take the perks\i0  to be able to build the associated items. You can't build cores without the Enchanting perks, you can't build bots without the Smithing perks.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\i\f0\fs20 I'm using another mod that alters the Smithing perk tree, how can I take the perks?\cf0\i0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 Try shuffling around the load order of your mods- the latest mod that changes the perks will be the one that displays its alterations. You'll still have the perks from both mods whatever order they're in. Otherwise, use\cf4  'Find \ldblquote PERKNAME\rdblquote  4'\cf3  in the console, and \cf4 'AddPerk PERKNUMBER'\cf3  to add them manually.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\i One of my bots won't fight!\cf0\i0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 This occasionally happens if you go through a door with your weapon drawn, and is an apparently unfixable bug in Skyrim's AI. To fix it, use \cf2\i Order Dwemer Constructs\i0  \cf3 whilst viewing the affected bot and select 'Reset'.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf1\i\f0\fs20\par
I can't loot a downed bot/I don't get the repair menu on downed bots!\cf0\i0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 Sometimes, downed bots won't actually open when you select loot. To fix this, enter sneak mode and try again. Conversely, if you don't get the repair menu then unsneak.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf1\i\f0\fs20\par
How do I remove or reduce the magicka drain?\cf0\i0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 The drain per 'tier' is stored in a global variable. Search for the ID using 'Help \cf5 a0aDwGlobalUpkeep\cf3 ' in the console, then use \cf5 [ID].SetValue(newValue)\cf3  to change it. The default is 30.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\i Is there a maximum number of constructs I can have following me at once?\cf0\i0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\b\f0\fs28 128\b0 . \fs20 You do not need more than this. To repeat, this is how many you can have \i following you\i0 - you can build any number.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\i Do I need to be able to create the right core for it to be able to forge a Construct?\cf0\i0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 Nope. With only Dwemer Enchanting you can build Centurions, if you have Numidium Scholar and a spare Centurion Dynamo Core. \cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\i How many upgrades can a Construct have?\cf0\i0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 One \b Components \b0 and one special \b Core\b0 . You'll have to choose between inventory and stronger steam breath, or armour-piercing crossbow bolts.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20\par
\par
\b VERSION LOG\par
\b0\f1 1.30\tab Added Ballista.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.24\tab Updated file format, altered Sphere attacks to minimise jamming, corrected description \tab error\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.22\tab Added missing skeleton, added skip menu option thing, added catch-up teleport for \tab bots who fall too far behind, made a better fix for 'bots not attacking' issue.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.21\tab Reverted smithing changes, took a stab at fixing the 'bots not attacking' issue.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.11\tab Updated to new Smithing values. \cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.1\tab Fixed Chimarvamidium breath, thanks \b stealthn\b0 !\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.08\tab Tweaked Chimarvamidium skeleton, added a ton of data validation checks to scripts.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.07i\tab Updated to patch 1.5 Smithing.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.06\tab Ooops, fixed follow bug.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.05\tab Massive Chimarvamidium buffs and bugfixes, added Overpressure, streamlined some item scripts.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.04\tab Fixed upgrade crashes, added Harden and Temper minion spells.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.03\tab Fixed bot death handling.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.02\tab Fixed repairing Spheres, fixed looting Spheres, added Wait at Location and Attack commands, added single follower commands, added attack variety for Centurion.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.01\tab Added notification of upkeep, fixed retaining Centurion Charge ability, fixed crafting Sphere weapons.\cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf3\f0\fs20 1.0\tab Release\cf0\f2\fs24\par
}
 